he's wrapped up still going not to hurt
nothing wrong with her still whopping
that's 9 12 gauge 2 alpha 3 and 1/2 PVC
he's your duck and he's still going
still good
he got rock so hard to take a little
favor since I gotta get him up he's
still a while
see the water feel the water put it back
in the water top we can see that wobble
bush
this is how we can show you that you're
a duck duck decoys is just as tough as
any decoy on the market and still a
wobbling you want an indestructible
unsinkable wobbling decoy get the
uruguayan series all over that tough old
tough D Corey Trevor to go listen yo
this
yeah
steel villain strong look up fighting me
hold this immediately okay hey you got
proofs in the pudding by the time I went
through the decoy didn't have enough
energy to hurt the water and that was
shot at what 15 yards oh yeah that's my
three I have a shooting three and a half
inch Biddy that was you yep that was you
how about that I love it man
hold on Seaford yeah ever done that test
this is a test to show you won't this
decoy I'll give it to you free if you
take it one hand and hold it out there
and hold hard as you can to not let
shake scroll you can go come on
hosting us really teeth doors are
wobbling and wobbling I sneaking it in
that's called a dovetail arrow to arrow
beautiful see rubber bands so when you
throw it up and kick it loose get close
to fall in hope my God look at it that's
a few thousand you got some holes beauty
more that one looks like
that was all about